Update 03-database-notifications.md (#12989)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/notifications/docs/03-database-notifications.md

);
```

> > Database notifications dispatched with `sendToDatabase` and `toDatabase` are queued. Ensure your queue is running to receive notifications dispatched in these ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Laravel sends database notifications using the queue. Ensure your queue is running in order to receive the notifications.
```
